Adding clarifications to HS2 walkthrough/faq and improving sample XML. (#2820)
concur/developer.concur.com: src/api-guides/travel/hotelservice2/hotel-shop-book-cancel.markdown

    </Criteria>
    ```
    
    `Distance` is defined by the radius value from the hotel search form, and `DistanceMax` is defined by the Search Radius for Corporate Hotels on the travel configuration.
    
    [Sample search request](./sample-requests/general-walkthrough/search-rq.xml)

    [Sample search response](./sample-requests/general-walkthrough/search-rs.xml)

>     Out of 100 returned hotels in the response from the Hotel Supplier, the response may contain 10 Most Preferred hotels within the 30 mile radius, 10 Preferred within the 30 mile radius, and 10 Less Preferred hotels within the 30 mile radius. The remaining 70 hotels would be non-preferred hotels within the 5 mile radius. Note: The preference level is defined by the HotelPreference element in the TPA_Extensions, which is outlined in Search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Out of 100 returned hotels in the response from the Hotel Supplier, the response may contain the 10 `most_preferred` hotels within a 30 mile radius, the 10 `preferred` hotels within a 30 mile radius, and the 10 `less_preferred` hotels within a 30 mile radius. The remaining 70 hotels would be `not_preferred` hotels within a 5 mile radius. Note: The preference level is defined by the `HotelPreference` element in the TPA_Extensions, which is outlined in Search.
```

    [Sample descriptive info response](./sample-requests/general-walkthrough/hoteldetail-rs.xml)

>     Please refer to the [FAQ](./faq.html#hotel-descriptive-info) for additional information regarding HotelDescriptiveInfo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please refer to the [FAQ](./faq.html#hotel-descriptive-info) for additional information regarding `HotelDescriptiveInfo`.
```

6. Upon selecting View Rooms, the UI displays all available rates for the chosen hotel. 

    <a href='./images/general-walkthrough/hotel-rate-listing.png'><img style="max-width:300px" src="./images/general-walkthrough/hotel-rate-listing.png"/></a>

7. Note each rate displays a Rules and cancellation policy link. When the business traveler clicks the link, if the cancellation details were deferred as indicated by [TPA_Extensions/RateDetailsInd](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-2/Availability.html#res-schema), a [RateDetails](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-2/Rate-details.html) request will be invoked. The response content will be displayed in a pop-up window.

    <a href='./images/general-walkthrough/rules-and-cancellation-policy.png'><img style="max-width:300px" src="./images/general-walkthrough/rules-and-cancellation-policy.png"/></a>

    [Sample rate details request](./sample-requests/general-walkthrough/ratedetails-rq.xml)

    [Sample rate details response](./sample-requests/general-walkthrough/ratedetails-rs.xml)

>     Please refer to the [FAQ](./faq.html#availability) for additional information regarding RateDetails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please refer to the [FAQ](./faq.html#availability) for additional information regarding `RateDetails`.
```

    [Sample book response](./sample-requests/general-walkthrough/book-rs.xml)

    Please refer to the [FAQ](./faq.html#reservation) for additional information regarding Reservation.

11. When the reservation details are displayed SAP Concur will invoke a [ReadItinerary](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-2/Read-Itinerary.html) request. If a Read request does not arrive within 5 minutes for a given Reservation, then the supplier should treat that Reservation as an orphan and should thus seek to cancel it. The business traveler completes their reservation by confirming the booking.

    [Sample read request](./sample-requests/general-walkthrough/read-rq-load-trip.xml)

    [Sample read response](./sample-requests/general-walkthrough/read-rs-load-trip.xml)

>     Please refer to the [FAQ](./faq.html#read-itinerary) for additional information regarding ReadItinerary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please refer to the [FAQ](./faq.html#read-itinerary) for additional information regarding `ReadItinerary`.
```
